today on our 2012 nissan frontier we'll
be installing the draw-tite hitch part
number 75 to 82 this is what our hitch
will look like once its installed
now we'll go ahead and give you a couple
measurements to assist you with
selecting accessories for your new hitch
from the center of the hitch pinhole to
the outermost edge of the bumper is 3
and a half inches from the top of the
receiver tube to the ground is 17 and a
half inches this will assist you with
selecting accessories such as a draw bar
a bike rack or cargo carrier now let's
go ahead with installation
we have a total of six attachment points
will be weld nuts in the frame three on
the driver side and three on the
passenger side so before we put our
hitch in place we'll want to go ahead
and clean out the weld nuts because over
time they'll build up with rust dirt and
debris to clean out the weld nuts we'll
be using a 1/2 inch nylon tube brush
part number 814092 get repeated
identically on the passenger side now
with all six attachment points cleaned
out we're ready to go ahead and put our
hitch in place we'll be using the new
ten millimeter bolt lock washer
and flat washer now we're ready to go
ahead and put our hitch in place it's a
good idea to get an extra set of hands
to help you hold the hitch while you
install your fasteners
now with all our fasteners in place
we'll go ahead and tighten them down
once we have all the fasteners tightened
down when go ahead and torque to
specifications as indicated in
instructions with all our fasteners
torque to specifications this is going
to complete the install of our draw-tite
hitch part number 75 to 82